# CPSC 304 NSA Project

## Disclaimer
This is not an attack or by any means a mockery of the official NSA database. This is for educational purposes only,
and should **not**, by any means, **be taken seriously**. All the data generated by the script
`Tables.sql` is not based on any real information.

## About
This is a database project that simulates a surveillance organization's
potenital day-to-day usages of big data software. This includes finding information about
people who have been flagged as suspicious, locating countries in which
suspicious calls or texts have been made, and even finding out who is innocent
and who is not based on the data logged.

This program uses a user hierarchy to determine its restrictions
and permissions. User types are: **Admin, CIA, FBI,** and the **Police**.

#### SQL Queries Used:
- Selection
- Projection
- Insert
- Join
- Division
- Update
- Delete
- Aggregation
- Nested Aggregation with Group-by

#### Schema Changes:

Our schema remained fairly the same through-out this entire
process. The only notable change includes splitting the attribute
`duration` into `beginning` and `end` thanks to the discovery of the
`Datetime` data type.

#### Functional Dependencies:
#####Location:
`lat, lng ← country`

If you know the `lat` and `lng` of a location, you know which `country` it is.

#####Data:
`data_id ← date, suspicious, lat, lng, device_id`

If you know the `data_id` of a piece of data, you know the `date` collected, whether it’s `suspicious`, the `lat` and `lng` of where it was collected, and the `device_id` of the device it belongs to.

#####CommLog:
`data_id ← sender, receiver`

If you know the `data_id` of a communication log (a call or a text), you know its `sender` and `receiver`.

#####Call:
`data_id ← beginning, end`

If you know the `data_id` of a call, you know the duration of the call expressed as the `beginning` and `end`.

#####Text:
`data_id ← length`

If you know the `data_id` of a text, you know the `length` of the text.

#####Photo:
`data_id ← size`

If you know the `data_id` of a photo, you know the `size` of the photo.

#####Transaction:
`data_id ← amount`

If you know the `data_id` of a transaction, you know the `amount` involved in the transaction.

#####Device:

1) `device_id ← owner, model, lat, long, device_type`

If you know the `device_id` of a device, you know its `owner`, its `model`, its current GPS location (`lat`, `lng`), and its `device_type`.

2) `model ← device_type`

If you know the `model` of a device, you know its `device_type`.



##Credits
A project by **Graham Bing, Danial Cheung, Elaine Feng, and Alena Safina**.

Plugins used: **JFormDesigner**
